Starting this Feb 8, we're hosting live discussions every Friday at
1:00pm and 1:30pm. Would you be interested in being our guest at
1:00pm on Friday, February 15? If so, I'll post the discussion with
you as the guest at the http://CrowdPublish.TV home page. You'll want
to pass the link around to colleagues & friends to encourage them to
drop in & ask questions. We should set up a time to try out the
livestream in advance to make sure the site is accessing your webcam &
mic.

As of now CrowdPublish.TV is setting up the shows while people get
used to how the platform can be used. We'd like to encourage the
Department of Information Systems to become the host of its own show
in the near future so that the Department and its clubs can raise
money on their CrowdPublish.TV pages for their activities.




CrowdPublish.TV is developing a platform for organizations to host &
be guests on livestreamed informative discussions while receiving
donations or selling items in the sidebar. We are inviting ASU student
organizations and research labs to become the very first Discussion
Hosts on the platform.

CrowdPublish.TV is hosting its own very first shows this Friday Feb 8
at 12:30, 1:00, and 1:30. To be a Discussion Guest on our show, all
you do is show up at http://www.crowdpublish.tv/lisa at your assigned
time on the day you agree to. We highly recommend accessing that site
in advance to make sure your browser can access your mic & webcam.

To have your own livestream at your convenience and raise money for
your organization, you can sign up for your CrowdPublish.TV page
http://www.crowdpublish.tv/signup, post a time for your talk on the
home page, and connect to Stripe from your control panel to get the
Donation buttons to appear on your page.

We would like Science Detectives to arrange a time to try
CrowdPublish.TV out as a guest on an upcoming Friday. Please let us
know if you'd be available.




We're holding our first series of Friday afternoon shows this Friday, February 8 at 12:30, 1:00, and 1:30. We're inviting ASU student organizations & research centers to try out the platform as discussion guests. In the near future, we'd like departments and centers at ASU to host their own regular shows to inform alumni and the public of their work while receiving donations in the sidebar. 

You can browse our website at http://CrowdPublish.TV. Since this is our first week of shows, we do not yet have examples of how the site will be used or the types of discussions people will host.

The following message has been forwarded through a few ASU departments:
CrowdPublish.TV is developing a platform for organizations to host & be guests on livestreamed informative discussions while receiving donations in the sidebar. CrowdPublish.TV is a member of the ASU Venture Devils program, thus we are inviting ASU student organizations and research labs to become the first Discussion Hosts on the platform.

Check out the website at http://CrowdPublish.TV and sign up to host your own livestream show! Call 602-888-3089 or send a message to info@CrowdPublish.TV to arrange a time to try it out as a guest on our Friday afternoon livestream.



